This Software License Agreement (“Agreement”) defines the terms under which the Software is licensed. This Agreement is a legally binding contract that controls and limits your rights to use SAIC’s Software. Your use of the Software indicates your acceptance of this Agreement. Do not use the Software if you disagree with any provision of this Agreement.

DEFINITIONS

“Licensor” means Science Applications International Corporation (also, “SAIC”, “we”, “our”, “us”).
“Licensee” means the individual, company, or other legal entity utilizing the Software (also “you”).
“Software” means the Maryland Test Facility Public Code and Data Repository.
“Government Entity” means any federal, state, provincial, or local government, agency, department, division or instrumentality thereof.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1.	License Grant.  Licensor grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited license (as set forth herein) to use the Software, subject to all terms and conditions of this Agreement.   The Software is licensed for use (1) by Government Entities for research, development, and evaluation activities; and (2) for use by commercial biometric and identity product manufacturers for the sole purpose of integrating their technologies with the Software/API to support Government research, development, and evaluation activities. Any other use is strictly prohibited. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, the use of the Software to provide technology testing services.  Any rights not granted to you are exclusively reserved by us. 

2.	Fees.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are not obligated to pay any fees to SAIC for the license to the Software granted to you under this Agreement.

3.	Restrictions.
a.	Licensee shall not modify, translate, or adapt in any way, or otherwise create derivative works, modifications or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Software or Documentation or any part thereof, and/or use the Software or Documentation for purposes of competitive analysis of the Software, the development of a competing software product or service, or any other purpose that is to the Licensor’s commercial disadvantage;
b.	Licensee shall not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to the source code of the Software or any part thereof;
c.	Licensee shall not use the Software or Documentation in violation of any Federal, State, and/or local law, regulation, or rule.
d.	Licensee shall not provide the Software or Documentation to unauthorized users.

4.	Compliance.
a.	The Software may contain technological copy protection or other security features designed to prevent unauthorized use of the Software. Licensee shall not, and shall not attempt to, remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to, any such copy protection and/or security features.
b.	On Licensor’s written request, Licensee shall conduct a review of its use of the Software and certify to Licensor in a written instrument signed by an officer of Licensee that it is in full compliance with this Agreement.  If Licensee discovers any noncompliance, Licensee shall immediately remedy such noncompliance and provide Licensor with written notice thereof.
c.	Licensor’s remedies set forth in this Section are cumulative and are in addition to, and not in lieu of, all other remedies the Licensor may have at law or in equity, whether under this Agreement or otherwise. 

5.	Maintenance and Support.  SAIC will not provide any maintenance or support services for the Software under this Agreement.

6.	Collection and Use of Information.  Licensee acknowledges that Licensor may, directly or indirectly through the services of third parties, collect and store information regarding use of the Software and about equipment on which the Software is installed or through which it otherwise is accessed and used. Licensee agrees that the Licensor may use such information for any purpose related to any use of the Software, e.g., including but not limited to improving the performance of the Software, developing Updates, and/or verifying Licensee’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement.

7.	Intellectual Property Rights. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Software and Documentation are provided under license. Licensee does not acquire any ownership interest in the Software or Documentation under this Agreement, or any other rights thereto, other than to use the same in accordance with the license granted herein and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions of this Agreement. Licensor reserves and shall retain its entire right, title, and interest in and to the Software and all intellectual property rights (including any and all patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret rights therein) arising out of or relating to the Software, except as expressly granted to the Licensee in this Agreement. 

8.	Infringement. Licensee shall promptly notify Licensor if Licensee becomes aware of any infringement of the Licensor’s intellectual property rights in the Software and fully cooperate with Licensor, at Licensor’s sole expense, in any legal action taken by Licensor to enforce its rights.  Licensee acknowledges and reaffirms its obligation, pursuant to the above “Restrictions” section, that Licensee shall not attempt to derive or gain unauthorized access to the source code of the Software or any part thereof.

9.	Term and Termination.
a.	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Licesnor may terminate this Agreement, for any reason or no reason whatsoever, at any time by delivering a written notice of termination to you. Termination is not an exclusive remedy and the exercise by either party of any remedy under this Agreement will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law, or otherwise.
b.	Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease any and all use of any Software, destroy all copies thereof and, if requested so certify to Licensor in writing.

10.	Limited Warranties, Exclusive Remedy, and Disclaimer.
THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED TO LICENSEE “AS IS;” WITH ALL FAULTS AND DEFECTS; AND WITHOUT OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR AND ITS AFFILIATES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF ERROR-FREE PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. 

11.	Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW:
a.	IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY USE, INTERRUPTION, DELAY, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE; LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS; DELAYS, INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF SERVICES, BUSINESS, OR GOODWILL; LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA; LOSS RESULTING FROM SYSTEM OR SYSTEM SERVICE FAILURE, MALFUNCTION, OR SHUTDOWN; FAILURE TO ACCURATELY TRANSFER, READ, OR TRANSMIT INFORMATION; FAILURE TO UPDATE OR PROVIDE CORRECT INFORMATION; SYSTEM INCOMPATIBILITY OR PROVISION OF INCORRECT COMPATIBILITY INFORMATION; OR BREACHES IN SYSTEM SECURITY; OR FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT THE LICENSOR WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
b.	IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR’S AND ITS AFFILIATES’ COLLECTIVE AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER, UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO THE LICENSOR PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE SOFTWARE THAT IS THE SUBJECT OF THE CLAIM.

12.	Export Regulation. The Software may be subject to export laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Licensee represents that it is not on any U.S. government denied-party list. Licensee will not permit any user to access or use the Software in a U.S.-embargoed country or region.

13.	US Government Rights. The Software is either commercial software, as defined in 48 C.F.R. §2.101, or restricted computer software as defined in FAR 52.227-14. Therefore, if the Licensee is an instrumentality of the U.S. Government, (i) Licensee agrees to license the Software and Documentation in accordance with this Agreement, which includes terms granted to other end users under license; and (ii) any term in this Agreement which is found to contradict a Federal law to which this Agreement is subject shall be considered null and void as if such term had never been part of this Agreement, without affecting the remainder of this Agreement.

14.	Choice of Law and Venue. All matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law. Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America within the State of Virginia, or in the courts of the State of Virginia, and each party consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.  A prevailing party in any such action shall be entitled to repayment of reasonable attorney fees by the non-prevailing party.

15.	Force Majeure. Licensor will not be responsible or liable to Licensee, or deemed in default or breach hereunder by reason of any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder where such failure or delay is due to strikes, labor disputes, civil disturbances, riot, rebellion, invasion, epidemic, pandemic, hostilities, war, terrorist attack, embargo, natural disaster, acts of God, flood, fire, sabotage, fluctuations or non-availability of electrical power, heat, light, air conditioning, or Licensee equipment, loss and destruction of property, or any other force majeure or circumstances or causes beyond Licensor’s reasonable control.

16.	Assignment.  Licensee shall not assign or otherwise transfer to any other entity (including affiliates) any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without Licensor’s written consent within thirty (30) days of said assignment or transfer, which consent Licensor may give or withhold in its sole discretion. For purposes of the preceding sentence, and without limiting its generality, any merger, consolidation, or reorganization involving Licensee (regardless of whether Licensee is a surviving or disappearing entity) will be deemed to be a transfer of rights, obligations, or performance under this Agreement for which Licensor’s written consent is required. Licensor may freely assign or otherwise transfer all or any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer all or any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement without Licensee’s consent. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

17.	Amendment and Waiver.  This Agreement may only be amended, modified, or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each party hereto. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

18.	Enforceability.  If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

19.	Construction. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the words “include,” “includes,” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”; (b) the word “or” is not exclusive; and (c) the words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereby,” “hereto,” and “hereunder” refer to this Agreement as a whole. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (x) to Sections, Annexes, Schedules, and Exhibits refer to the Sections of, and Annexes, Schedules, and Exhibits attached to, this Agreement; (y) to an agreement, instrument, or other document means such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Agreement shall be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. 

20.	Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

21.	Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, together with all annexes, schedules, and exhibits attached hereto and all other documents that are incorporated by reference herein, constitutes the sole and entire agreement between Licensee and Licensor with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.
